holla does this feel a different
approach for you you're so used to be in
marathons racing and being one of the
leading contenders and now you're going
to be the star but the star pacemaker
when I heard the athlete they know the
one they take part in on this London
Marathon when I check in on just the
status man who's this is the big chance
you know just to run next to them well
it's very unique you know even you know
just to run in front of them I wasn't
Berlin with Devin that you're gonna take
you noticed all the athletic zone four I
mean so nice and very unique and I wish
you know just to be part and hey how
long yeah I mean how how long you can
keep images there the rest with the
group so I don't know but let me try for
you to have the role of running 230
kilometers and running 127 that's
world-record pace that is not easy even
for you well it's going to be tough is
it yes you know just what I keep in my
mind like twin I mean like 1430 for the
first 5k and 29 minutes for pain K kind
of like that otherwise very difficult to
run for time of course that was the
youngster they are very good and strong
my ship not so bad
maybe it's not a world record ship but
it's good in a 4pc
do you think that you could be playing a
part in history in this race if your
place making goes right we could see a
world record when we talk about the
world record the course athletes
themselves everything has to be perfect
and I wish you know just to see a world
record by placing this you know even you
know not only pacing you know by placing
you know just good luck this is the 5k I
run and the rest forty I mean the rest
35 do by yourself and I wish you know
just to see you know world record in
this
my return but coming Sunday it's going
to be more tactical honestly speaking
everybody wants to win because to win
here in London you know just it's to win
in a lumpy I'm telling you because you
know look at the nor a number of
participants have you ever seen no such
such a big names and and I want I mean
in one race you know you wouldn't be
tempted to go beyond 30k because we know
we've had examples in the past of some
runners who have been pacemakers and
then they've stayed in the race and then
they've they've won the race but for you
definitely your pacemaker you're not
going to go beyond 30k and kind of play
a trick on the people why not if I have
enough power and I just to finish there
is I would do it it's not 50 thank you
very much